James Wright
============

I am a full-stack software developer with nearly 20 years of experience creating websites and applications in numerous technologies. I've been a software developer since the late '90s.  The day my family got access to the internet I learned how to "program HTML" and never looked back.  My career started when myself and a few high school friends launched a web development company targeting local small businesses.  Over the next 2 decades I have tasted the waters of various development experiences ranging from Javascript, .Net, C++, Java, PHP, Ruby, Python, Go and countless frameworks and libraries.  These days I finally consider myself a Senior engineer only because I finally recognize how little I know.  The last few years have found me leading a team of young developers working on a monolithic application.  I have daily challenges finding ways to make myself and my team members grow as developers and people.

I'm looking forward to the next chapter in my career.

## Projects
* This website - [View it on GitHub](https://github.com/jamespwright/jamespwright.com)
* "Wizard Battle Arena" (_private repository_) - a Unity game I'm designing as a way to expand outside of "business" development

## To Learn
* [LaTeX](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LaTeX) - a "document preparation system" for creating documents using markup instead of a WYSIWYG application  
* [Blazor](https://blazor.net/) - Blazor uses C# and WebAssembly to allow for the creation of websites written entirely in C# and HTML

## Hobbies
* Software Developer
* Soccer enthusiast  
* Pet collector

This website is generated by [flatdoc](http://ricostacruz.com/flatdoc/)